[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Veda Austin is back
with us, again, to further
our depth of understanding
about the mysteries of
water and communication.
Was water the model for the
original written language?
Is it keeping record of
our astrological movements
in the cosmos?
Let's just dig right in.
It's so good to see you again.
>>VEDA AUSTIN: It's
so nice to be here.
>>REGINA: You've
done really well.
All kinds of people are
picking up on your work.
You're labeled as
the new Masaru Emoto.
That's what's with you.
You're having very interesting
relationships, developing
in terms of your research.
And we're going to go
into a few of those.
But first, what I'd like to
ask you is, since last saw
you, what are some of the
really fun, profound things that
have popped up before we get
in deep into the information?
>>AUSTIN: Well,
there's been so much.
I really enjoyed working with
water and the dream time,
because my question
was, is water conscious?
Or is my consciousness
impacting the water?
And I thought, well, when
am I not actively conscious?
And so I thought,
well, what about when
I'm asleep, while I'm dreaming?
And so I would put a
Petri dish of water
beside my bed with
the intention that it
captures some part of my dream.
And then in the morning,
I would wake up.
And if I knew, I'd
dreamed, you know
that feeling when
you've had a dream.
But you're trying to remember
it, and then it just disappears?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>AUSTIN: Those would
be the only time
that I would freeze the
imagery, because if I
remembered the dream,
I could be projecting.
So I had literally dragged
the freezer into the bedroom,
and I would just put it
straight into the freezer.
And what was incredible
was that what
I saw was imagery clearer
than almost anything
I've seen in the waking state.
And it was so clear
that it would jog
my memory of the entire dream.
And I was able to write
the whole dream down.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's wonderful.
>>AUSTIN: It was remarkable.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>AUSTIN: But that made
me then wonder, well,
how can water accompany
me through the dream time?
And perhaps it is the
observer, and that
lends into the Maori word
for spirit, which is wairua.
It means very rudimentary,
two waters, the physical
and spiritual waters.
And then I began
to wonder, well,
could the observer effect be
one of the spiritual aspects
of water?
So that's definitely
been something
I've been fascinated with.
>>REGINA: That's
absolutely fascinating.
I'm just thinking
about the experiments
they did many years ago in
Russia about remote viewing,
and they had decided then,
and they had a lot of people
around recording this, the
Soviet Academy of Sciences
and such.
They noticed that
the clearest viewing
was into the future, where the
conscious mind wasn't present,
and manipulating or projecting,
and there was less noise.
And maybe that's what it's
like in dream time, where
your conscious mind
isn't projecting.
You saw the image and thought,
oh my God, that's exactly what--
I remember the whole thing.
Now, I love that.
>>AUSTIN: Oh, it was remarkable.
>>REGINA: It's a
real aid to helping
people remember dreams, too.
You probably have to put
a freezer and a Petri dish
in your room.
>>AUSTIN: It's a process.
>>REGINA: So let's get
into some of a little bit
more mechanical aspects
of it, if you will,
though, it's not dry and boring.
And that's the notion of liquid
crystal coating, when people
see these incredible
images, just
talk about that for a
moment, and we'll move on.
>>AUSTIN: I think it's
good to know that there
are three stages of freezing.
And the first freeze, which
is where I take water out
is when water has literally
just begun to freeze.
There is liquid on top
and ice underneath.
The second freeze is where it's
like a water sandwich stuck
between two layers of ice.
And then there is a solid.
I think of them like
spirit blood and body.
Liquid crystal is not exactly
a solid, and it's not a liquid.
It is in a stage between
the two, more like plasma.
And it has an ordered
molecular structure.
It absorbs more light,
it has negative charge,
and it has viscosity.
A wonderful example of
it as a liquid crystal
would be a fellow
crystallographer
who learned my freezing method
was using a glass baking
dish, instead of a Petri dish.
And anyone can do that.
And she had this beautiful
crystallography that had formed.
And as she was holding
the dish up vertically,
the ice naturally
started to move downward.
But rather than just evaporate
and disappear or become liquid,
it actually scrolled upon
itself to create an ice
scroll with all
of the information
or design still on it.
So in the liquid crystal
state, what we're seeing
is the most pure
information that water
has absorbed and shared.
>>REGINA: And you
say sometimes this
can almost look like
hieroglyphics or cuneiform.
>>AUSTIN: Absolutely.
So this is one of the things
I'm really excited about.
So I have been working with
words, the written word.
And what I've discovered is
that there is an energy that
comes from the written word.
And when you put the
water on top of that word,
remove and freeze,
and you repeat
that, what I found is that
I see the same symbol appear
over and over and over again.
And for me, it has to
be at least 50 times.
And that means that I now
have a symbol for the energy
of the word I wrote.
Now, when I write the word
information, what I see
is imagery that looks
just like coding.
What's even more
interesting to me--
>>REGINA: Coding as in computer
coding, ones and zeros?
>>AUSTIN: No.
Although, a little bit.
Actually, much more
like ancient language.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>AUSTIN: A little bit like
a cross between Sumerian,
the cuneiform, hieroglyphs,
and even Arabic.
>>REGINA: Uh-hmm.
>>AUSTIN: And when I showed
this to a friend of mine who's
an archaeologist,
he was like, oh,
my God, that's an
ancient language.
We can probably
figure out what this
means, if we can
get enough of these
and start putting
them into categories.
And that's actually
what I'm starting to do.
>>REGINA: That's fascinating.
You say one of the
images was identified
by AI as an ancient language.
So let's get into all of that.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah.
That was a surprise to me.
So I was recently at the Annual
Water Conference in Portugal,
where I gave a talk.
And one of the scientists
there took a snapshot
of my presentation, and it had
pictures of the information
hydroglyph compared to
both Sumerian cuneiform
and hieroglyphs.
And when he put
that image into AI,
he asked AI to, essentially,
tell him what it saw.
And it identified
the ancient language.
And then he said, focus
on the images of mine.
And when AI did that, it
actually identified some of them
as Sumerian cuneiform
and hieroglyphs.
And that was remarkable.
And it went on to say
that it looked very, very
much like an ancient language.
And the potential of that
is that this could be a way
to communicate with all life.
It could well be a
universal language.
And I've used words
as my Rosetta Stone
to understand what
these symbols mean.
But what is the most interesting
thing about the information,
or this coding that we're
talking about, is that 8 times
out of 10, whether I'm using
that word or not, myself,
and pretty much anyone
else can see it.
At least 8 out of
10 people will see
this particular design, which
makes me start to think,
hang on, maybe what
we're actually seeing
is water sharing its
information updates constantly.
This is why I think that it
is the potential storehouse
for the Akashic Records.
And that's a big deal.
And I've always thought if
the Akashic Records were
to be stored in anything,
it would be water,
because water is not
limited to one stage.
And I think there are far more
stages than liquid, solid, gas,
and gel.
>>REGINA: This opens up a
whole bunch of ways to go,
but one of them is when
you ask for information
and showing you the ancient
language of Sumerian,
for example, cuneiform,
you say that you
take the pictures enough that
you'll know what that word means
in that language as well.
So it's also helping
decipher cuneiform
in a new way beyond what the
academics of old have done?
>>AUSTIN: Well, it certainly
can head that direction
at the moment.
All I know is that
with the written word,
it means information.
What we're starting to do
with actually the help of AI
is feeding ancient
language into AI,
so it knows what
it's looking for.
And it will help basically
decipher any recognizable ice
imagery in the crystallography.
>>REGINA: It's fascinating.
>>AUSTIN: The other
potential for it
is that we could potentially
use this to decipher
unknown ancient languages.
I think it's called Rongorongo
that is on Easter Island.
They have a written language
that no one's deciphered yet.
>>REGINA: That would have
been from Lemurian times, most
likely, if there was a written
language at that time, that's
a remnant of it.
>>AUSTIN: And if it was, it
would be a language of symbols.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>AUSTIN: Because it's like
water takes the written word,
reverse engineers it into
some kind of living symbol.
Because when I ask what, that
might sound a little out there
for some people, but
I'm not limited to what
I can do with this technique.
When I've asked water,
what is a hydroglyph, which
is what I call these symbols--
>>REGINA: Hydroglyphs.
>>AUSTIN: --it responded
into hydroglyphs.
One was living and
one was message.
So they are living messages.
They're not just messages.
>>REGINA: So now we're getting
into the level of consciousness
when we're creating.
And you have your conscious
mind that's working with them.
But like you say, in dream time,
that's not your conscious mind.
So what are you
looking at in terms
of the quality of consciousness
with higher mind and water now?
>>AUSTIN: Well, that's
a great question.
And I don't think you
can look past that.
Once you start realizing
that this is potentially
an intelligence within
water, I think that then you
start having to ask the
very important question
is, what is water?
It has been the first
question I ever asked,
and it is still
the question I ask.
Could water be an intelligent
designer is very interesting.
And one of the ways in which I
have come to ask that question
and think that that's
definitely possible,
is that whenever I put
water on top of an image,
it doesn't design a
photocopy of that image.
It designs an artistic
expression of that image.
Now, that's profound.
>>REGINA: It is
because I noticed
in a couple of yours, one of
them, I remember was a face.
It showed the face
nicely, but it showed it
actually having
moved and looking
slightly different at a
slightly different angle.
And I thought, why
would it be doing that?
>>AUSTIN: Well, you see,
I think that water sees us
in an entirely different
way than we do.
And I know that might
sound strange to you,
that water sees us.
But water is always in
communication with itself.
Water within us, as a
fluid, and water in the air.
Water in the air is attracted
to electrical charge.
And the fact that we breathe out
means there's water in the air.
And that actually
explains intuition.
By that I mean that the
water in the air that
is attracted to your
electrical charge on a very
minute and subtle level is
able to probe into areas
we can't see.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Absolutely.
>>AUSTIN: And it brings
that information into us
as an intuitive hurt.
And when we don't
listen to our intuition,
we always wish we had.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>AUSTIN: And so water is not
limited to time and space.
I've put my thumb into the
water, removed and froze,
seen the thumb and the nail, but
there was a chip in the nail.
And I chipped my nail in
exactly the same place
three hours later.
>>REGINA: Again, that
beyond time and space thing.
>>AUSTIN: Exactly.
So bringing that back to
this intelligent designer,
then it could well be that
all life, no matter what
that life is having a
communication system that
is through fluids, speaking
to other aspects of water.
>>REGINA: So the origin
of the mind of water
-becomes kind of interesting-
is it programming itself?
Or is it simply
so fluid, so open
and receptive that it's
working with the unconscious
layers of not only human mind,
but other mind, creative mind
in general?
>>AUSTIN: When I
think about water,
I have to think about light,
and this comes into that.
I often asked, what is
water, as I mentioned.
And one of the most profound
things I have learned
is that water is actually
only one part of matter.
The matter is the two
hydrogens and oxygen.
And the rest is photonic light
that makes water a light house.
Inside of our bodies are
trillions of water molecules.
In fact, there are more
water molecules in our bodies
than all the stars in
the perceivable universe.
>>REGINA: Uh-hmm.
>>AUSTIN: And all of them
contain more light than anything
else.
And there was once somebody
that said to me, what if water
is expressing consciousness or
divine consciousness through us,
and every living thing
to observe itself
from every perceivable and
imperceivable perspective?
And I thought that
was really profound.
>>REGINA: In that case,
would water, again,
be the originator
or the carrier?
>>AUSTIN: There's many things
I can't say I know for sure.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No, this just becomes
philosophical a little bit.
This is exploratory anyway.
>>AUSTIN: Absolutely.
But I would suggest that
water and consciousness are so
intimately intertwined
that they behave as one,
and that water in
its multiple forms,
essentially could well
be the original divine
messenger of life.
It's like it's seeding
life, wherever it goes.
And even upon death, you
could say that anyone who
has been able to see
spirit leave, many of them
say they saw it like
a cloud, or a vapor,
or a mist, which are
all watery forms.
I think it could well be
like a vibrational vapor,
a state of water, we just
haven't discovered yet.
And that leads into
water as an observer.
So once a soul leaves
a body, many people
that have had
near-death experiences
say that they now observe their
body with no attachment to it.
And they have a very
vast view of the world
and the universe of which they
had never imagined before.
So they become this
observer before they go on
to have other experiences.
It could well be that the
spirit of consciousness
is carried through
this vaporous stage,
or it could even be the waters
that hold our consciousness
and are connected to the
divine consciousness.
>>REGINA: I believe that.
And I have often thought
that this planet, being
made of water, is a gigantic
receiver and possibly
transmitter, of course,
on the other side of that,
of all cosmic information,
that's where it's held.
It's in the Earth's waters.
And we're going to get
to that in a little bit
because we're going to talk
about the astrological aspect.
I'm just digging, pulling
back the layers, I suppose,
and thinking, if supposedly,
according to ancient texts
in the beginning was the word.
And then there
was prima materia.
Prima materia,
which was the soup,
the considered chaotic energy
that was given order by the word
to begin manifesting in various
dimensions, various densities,
looking at it as the original
thought, the word prima
materia, the sea of chaos, where
does water filter down in that?
Where does water
become the main player
of carrying the consciousness?
>>AUSTIN: It is important
to look at that question
and take it apart a little bit.
>>REGINA: Uh-hmm.
>>AUSTIN: And the word is
a really interesting one,
because what I'm seeing
is that that creates water
to go into form.
The word has a very
powerful thing.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Just like prima
materia, just like
pure energy, pure field
of energy and thought.
>>AUSTIN: And in the
Bible it talks about,
the spirit, and
the spirit of God
hovered over the
face of the deep.
And from there, became sound.
And from sound,
there's cymatics.
And where there's
movement, there's waves,
but you can't take out light.
So water holds the light.
It is the light bearer.
And within that,
consciousness is held.
You talk about the
Akashic Records.
It's interesting to
know that the word is
derived from a Sanskrit word,
meaning, atmosphere, ether,
and sky.
Those three words can all
relate to aspects of water.
And so when you're
starting to look
at this divine consciousness,
I don't think that you can ever
take water out of the equation.
Look at hydrogen. Hydrogen
literally means the creator
of water-- hydro and Genesis.
Then you look at the sun.
The sun evaporates the water.
It's like taking its
children back home.
When you look at creation,
there is no creation
without a water story.
>>REGINA: In the
material universes.
>>AUSTIN: Yes
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>AUSTIN: But then, you
look out in the universe
and hydrogen is everywhere.
And I think that once water and
oxygen come together and light,
they create this beautiful
thing that we call water,
but yet we barely
know anything about.
That amazes me that we
know so little about water,
and it makes very little
sense to so many people.
It defies the laws of
physics and gravity.
>>REGINA: And yet every
single human being
knows what it's like to
be in contact with water,
to be in water,
seeking vacation spots.
So you can be near the water
or in the water, the soothing
elements of it, we all feel
the healing capabilities of it.
We know we can't
survive without it.
You're right.
I don't know much
about it other than.
Well, it was warm,
it felt great.
And there were some waves today.
>>AUSTIN: But without
the study of water,
we're missing out on the study
of what it is to be alive.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>AUSTIN: You know what we say?
There is no life without
water, but we never
look at the
possibility that water
could be that living quality.
That water could potentially
be what we might term as alive.
It is moving.
>>REGINA: Oh, absolutely.
>>AUSTIN: Through my
work, I have over 64,000--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>REGINA: It has so much memory.
>>AUSTIN: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>AUSTIN: But then I
wonder, is it water memory?
Or is it water dreaming?
Is it water imagining?
Because what is not
stuck in time and space,
is it only remembering?
Or is it something in
between, something different?
>>REGINA: Let's talk about
something super practical,
like homeopathics.
>>AUSTIN: Yes.
>>REGINA: A couple
hundred years ago, it
was understood that water
was the ultimate in receiving
and storing information
beyond any chemical compound.
It's still fascinating to me
that by programming the water
and potentizing it
so that you have not
even one atom of the original or
molecule of the original element
there that programmed
it, You have
an even more potent cure with
just the memory of the water.
>>AUSTIN: Well, I think of that,
again, coming back to spirit,
if, for example, the remedy was
Bach flower or something, well,
that had a spirit,
an energy within it.
And the more and more and
more and more and more
it was reduced, that eventually
becomes invisible to us.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>AUSTIN: And then once
something is invisible to us,
it doesn't mean it's
completely gone.
>>REGINA: No,
they've proven that.
It's carrying all
those properties
with none of the
physical property there.
>>AUSTIN: But the
further something
goes away from
its physical body,
the more it goes into spirit.
So the spirit becomes more
and more expansive when
it leaves the body, which
explains, to me, why homeopathy
is so potent, the
more diluted it is.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>AUSTIN: And I've
done many studies
on homeopathy, where we're
seeing the original remedy show
up in the crystallography.
And I've done very
few, but still some
repeated tests with that.
So we can see that
there actually
is something in there that
is identified by the water
and crystallized by the water.
>>REGINA: Well,
one of the things
I know that you speak
about is in Egypt,
that one of the healing
practices to write something
on a papyrus or a stone and
then run the water over it.
And that water would
become the cure.
>>AUSTIN: They
called them sigils.
And they would write
some hieroglyphs
on papyrus or on a stone.
And they'd put it into
a container of water,
and they'd let it stew
there for a while.
And then what they
did was, basically,
give it to people as a
medicine or a cure or something
to put on their
bodies topically,
if they have sore eyes.
So they absolutely
believed that water
was the storehouse
of information
and could be used
practically like a medicine.
But even homeopathy does this.
They will write the remedy
on a piece of paper.
It's called a paper remedy,
put the water on top
and offer it as a
remedy, which also works.
>>REGINA: Well, this is where
we get back to Masaru Emoto's
original work.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Right.
And then, just to give people
an idea of your own lineage
and where you were
with his work and what
was in the world at that time
and what sparked you to carry it
forward and what you started
seeing as much deeper potential
beyond that.
Tell us a little bit about
that part of your journey.
What was the original
stimulation there?
>>AUSTIN: Well, I had been
in a horrendous car accident.
And I had had a healing
experience with a very
special water from New Zealand.
It was an artisan water.
And I became curious.
Well, what makes this
water different than all
the other waters?
>>REGINA: Do you mind my asking,
what was the healing experience?
>>AUSTIN: Sure.
Well, after that car accident,
I had eight surgeries
over 20 years, mostly
for bowel surgery,
because the seat belt had
crushed my internal organs
and had left scar tissue
on my small bowel, which
kept growing and cutting
my digestive system off.
So on my last surgery, I woke
up surrounded by doctors,
and they said, you
didn't recover very well.
And now, you have showers of
blood clots in your lungs,
and you're going to
have to be on warfarin,
which is a blood
thinner, potentially,
for the rest of your life.
And I was like shocked.
And so for about
three or four months,
I took warfarin because they
said I was going to die,
if I didn't.
And after that time, I
had a clear chest X-ray.
And I made a
decision for myself.
It's never advice
to anybody else,
but I had already seen that,
just because a doctor tells me
my body can't do something,
doesn't necessarily
mean it's true.
>>REGINA: Oh, you have a lot
of people in the audience that
agree with that.
>>AUSTIN: Well, I had been--
>>REGINA: Including me.
>>AUSTIN: Thank you.
Well, it's good to know
I'm in good company.
But I had been told
by three doctors,
I'd never be able
to have children.
And I had a child for every
doctor that told me I couldn't.
Obviously, not out of defiance,
but it was all little miracles.
So I was able to hear them
say all of these things
about what my body
could and couldn't do,
put it on the shelf, and just
let my body make that decision.
So I did the same thing.
I went on this healing
journey where I'm like,
well, I want to be the
best version of myself,
I can be holistically.
So I went to a friend of
mine who's a medical doctor,
but practices
Ayurvedic medicine.
And he said to me,
well, why don't you
start with a foundation of life?
And he said, if you can find
a natural source, emphasis
on natural, of
alkaline water, that
might help to bring your body
back into some kind of balance.
And I loved that.
I was like, oh, this is
simple, just drink water.
In New Zealand, we
have so many springs.
And most spring water
is naturally alkaline.
Anything above a seven of pH.
Seven is what you might
call distilled water.
And anything under a seven
is what we would call acidic.
And so I started trialing
myself on two-week trials
with different naturally
alkaline waters.
I had a healing wellness
center at that time.
And a client said, look,
I know this old guy's
got his own private
source of alkaline water.
It's 9.9 out of
the ground in pH,
which is an incredibly
naturally alkaline.
And he was only giving
it to cancer patients.
She said, you might get some.
>>REGINA: And were they
benefiting from it?
>>AUSTIN: They were having
amazing experiences.
>>REGINA: It makes sense
because cancer really enjoys
acid and acidic environment.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah.
So I went to see him.
I told him my story.
And he gave me a month's
worth of water to drink.
Day three, I noticed something
that so many people in the West
don't like talking about,
and that is bowel motions.
>>REGINA: Yes.
It's OK.
You're safe.
We all have them.
>>AUSTIN: We all have them.
And they're such an indicator
of our internal health.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>AUSTIN: Especially after
having so much bowel surgery.
>>REGINA: I can't even imagine
the amount of pain and suffering
you went through.
>>AUSTIN: Thank you.
It was rough.
Yeah, it was rough.
But it makes me so
grateful every day
to be able to eat food.
>>REGINA: Just eat food.
>>AUSTIN: And drink good water.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>AUSTIN: So I'm like,
oh, something's changing.
This is good.
And then on day 10, I noticed
the most radical change.
I had all these bumps
coming up on my arm and jaw
on my right side that
were really painful.
>>REGINA: While you were
drinking this water?
>>AUSTIN: Yes, whilst I was
only drinking this water.
This was my trial water.
And what was amazing is that, as
disgusting as this might sound,
there was a bump
that was so angry,
and it literally felt like there
was something sharp in sharpen
there.
So I got some tweezers, and I
pulled this thing out of my arm.
And it was a little
shard of green glass.
And between day 10 and 12, I
picked 27 pieces of green glass
out of my arm that had been
embedded in my body for over 20
years because the man who
died in the car accident,
he had owned a nightclub.
And in the back of the car
were crates of Steinlager beer,
which is a lager that's
held in green glass bottles.
>>REGINA: Oh, my gosh.
>>AUSTIN: So I immediately
was like, well--
>>REGINA: Your body was
rejecting these foreign objects.
>>AUSTIN: And how
was this possible?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>AUSTIN: So then I thought,
well, could it be just me?
So I started trialing people
in the wellness center.
Interestingly,
every single person
who came to that wellness
center and tried the water,
their eyesight improved.
One lady had to literally change
the prescription on her glasses
because it improved so much.
Our eye lens is 99% highly
ordered structured water, which
is in the fourth phase state.
And so it was amazing to
me to see this change,
but there were so many, from
increased energy for very
healthy, well, people, all the
way to someone who did a 27-day
water fast drinking this
water alone, no food.
He did this because he was
told he had stage IV cancer.
And he wanted to try to do
a fast before he went down
the chemotherapy track.
Halfway through this
fast, they could
see that his tumor
was reduced by half.
Three weeks after the fast, they
found that there was no cancer.
And they called it
spontaneous healing.
There were two other
people that did water fast,
not as long that saw
reduction of tumors.
Now, this was an observation.
I'm not saying that it was--
>>REGINA: I understand.
What happened to your
own body in the end?
>>AUSTIN: For me, I
actually started--
there were many benefits.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>AUSTIN: I had more
energy, which was a big one.
My water went through
a real cleanse.
My body went through
My hair texture improved.
My skin texture improved.
Literally, it was like
the fountain of youth.
People started saying,
oh, have you had
something done to your face?
You look much younger.
And I'm like, I've just been
drinking this amazing water.
And so I started to get really
immersed in this idea of,
what makes this water different?
So very technically, of
course, I went to an analysis.
What's in the water?
And there's bicarb,
there is silica,
there's lots of different
dissolved minerals.
There's lime.
Now, bicarb and
lime are the reasons
that it's become
naturally alkaline.
If you want to make
water naturally alkaline
and you've got
some acidic water,
you just put a little pinch
of bicarb or baking soda.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Baking soda.
>>AUSTIN: And water.
Bring it up to
about an 8.2 in pH.
But as I'm looking through
this analysis, I'm thinking,
all this is telling me
is what water holds,
but it's not telling
me of what water is.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
So before we go to that, and
we go to you and Pam Gregory,
your work together,
my question is,
you had this beautiful,
natural 9.9 water.
So what happens when you go to a
machine that basically pumps it
up to 9 plus?
>>AUSTIN: Well--
>>REGINA: What is the
machine intervention do?
>>AUSTIN: Well, this is ionizing
machines you're talking about.
And they artificially make two
streams, one alkaline stream
and one acidic stream.
And the only benefit
that I see from them
is that it makes
molecular hydrogen.
I don't believe that
it is the pH that's
making the difference in
those ionizing machines.
Personally, I would far prefer
to get molecular hydrogen
in a different form,
whether it's in a pill form,
you can get it and put it into
water or very different ways
that you can inhale it.
There's various ways you
can get molecular hydrogen.
>>REGINA: What about
Patrick Flanagan's old work?
Patrick Flanagan's Mega H, H
minus, whatever it was called.
>>AUSTIN: Whichever
way you want to do it.
>>REGINA: You could do it.
So that's one way to do it.
>>AUSTIN: Whichever
way you want to do it,
but I prefer to go and get a
natural source of spring water,
if you can collect it yourself
or get it the best you can
and add the hydrogen to it.
That way, what I found is the
ionizing machines de-structure
the water.
>>REGINA: That's
why I was asking.
>>AUSTIN: So it has
less information.
Actually, there are
many different things
with it is that often, it
doesn't filter everything out,
so it doesn't filter any
chlorine or fluoride,
these kinds of things.
And it also is very detrimental
to the natural structure
of the water.
So I would personally
prefer to go
with a naturally alkaline
water, which is stable.
So the stability
is because there
are all of the minerals
that are already
in the water that have
been collected over however
long that water has been
going through the Earth,
and it is stable.
What I mean by that
is if you took the pH
level of the naturally
alkaline water, a year later,
you will find it's
barely made any change.
Whereas, an unnaturally alkaline
water or an ionized water,
that pH starts to drop
within 20, 30 minutes.
And so when you are looking at
water that is designed naturally
by nature over long periods of
time, the stability is amazing.
And what I also am
always surprised
about with this kind of
trend we have, thankfully,
to non-GMO, to organic,
to growing food
yourself, to wild
harvesting, and all
of these wonderful practices.
Why would we go to
a machine made water
when we could go and collect
wild spring water ourselves,
if we are able?
If I had no choice.
I would rather
drink water that's
gone through a
really good filter
than have it go through
a whole ionizing process.
>>REGINA: That's good to know,
because you study and you watch
water, and it watches you.
And so you're working together
to share this information
with us.
And that's very practical
because a lot of people
do this, a lot of
people watching.
So I'm happy you
could share that.
>>AUSTIN: I would
say one other thing.
It's an unpopular thing
that I say sometimes.
>>REGINA: It's OK.
>>AUSTIN: Because
many people are
attached to the very expensive
equipment that they've bought.
But when it comes
to water structure,
I can honestly say that the most
significant structural change
that I have ever seen
and consistently see
is through conscious
expression, not
through any of the other
water restructuring machines
that I've seen.
Not to say that they some
don't work, and many do work,
but the conscious expression
affects water far more
than any mechanical
or man-made thing.
Because water, essentially,
is reading your information.
>>REGINA: Consciousness.
>>AUSTIN: And we are bodies
of water, salts, minerals,
and consciousness.
So it is, essentially, having
conversations with ourselves,
not just the mental
ones, because it
will override what I'm thinking
to show me how I'm feeling.
If I'm putting flowers
in water and waiting
to see whether it shows the
flower, but I'm genuinely sad,
it won't show me the flower.
It'll show me a sad face.
>>REGINA: This is interesting.
It's just fascinating.
And the images in your book,
some of which we've seen here,
are just mystical, magical
and mystical in nature.
>>AUSTIN: I'm glad
you said that.
I was talking to
someone yesterday.
I'd never heard this before.
He said, you know how
water is a mystery.
And I said, yes.
He said, you know
it's mist story.
I'm like, oh, it's
the story of mist.
I love that.
>>REGINA: Well, good.
I'm glad you brought it up.
So what I want to finally
get on to our final topic
is going to be the work you
and Pamela Gregory have done.
A lot of people know
Pamela Gregory online.
She's an astrologer, but she
also gets into some other things
as well.
And you two are
working on the notion
of the cosmic effect
of the planets
on water and vice-versa or what?
Again, I believe
we're absolutely
our waters are a storehouse
for that physically
and the Earth itself.
What are you two doing?
What are you cooking up?
And what have you learned?
And we have about
eight minutes left.
>>AUSTIN: I will
share it quickly.
Well, Pam is incredible.
And she approached me.
And she said, I'm looking for
the physical proof of astrology.
And I said, well, why
don't we get together?
You tell me all the
dates to put water out,
and we'll see what happens.
So actually, what
I ended up doing
was putting a consistent water.
So I used rain water from home.
And when I travel, I bring
that rain water with me.
Rain water has a very
specific pattern.
It always shows.
So I'm using rain
water as my control.
So what we have discovered is
that we see the same pattern
all the way through until we
get just before a full moon.
And just before a
full moon, there
is this opening up in
the crystallography,
which looks like something's
about to be birthed.
And then on the full moon,
we see a large oval shape,
which looks completely different
than the fanning patterns we
normally see in rain.
And then a day later, it goes
back to the regular patterns.
Then when it comes to a new
moon, we see change again.
And what we see is
that the new moon
shows two circles that touch
and one circle away from it.
They are two hydroglyphs.
One with the energetic
meaning of completion.
And the two circles
touching, they
have the energetic
meaning of conception.
So it is complete conception.
And what's interesting with
that is that every new moon,
we see the same symbols show.
At every ancient site
I have ever gone to,
done crystallography with
water that I've either
collected from
that area, or I've
put the water on top of a
picture of that sacred site,
I always see complete
conception show up.
So there is a link there,
which is important for us
to recognize.
But one of the most
extraordinary things, because I
was in Texas during
the solar eclipse,
and I was able to do
some crystallography.
And water behaved in a way that
I never imagined it could do.
If you imagine a snail
trail, and that snail
is moved all the way, wiggled
around all over the place
and left this incredible moving
trail, the ice looked like that.
And when Pam and I discussed
that, the thing that resonated
for both of us, was it reminded
us of the Aboriginal walkabout
walking along the song
lines of the earth,
never in a straight
line, always moving
in all these wiggly forms.
Now, I've also done
our crystallography
when water has been
exposed to lunar eclipses.
And we see that it
looks plasmatic.
It looks like it's
in between a liquid.
It's quite a weird thing to
see because the ice looks
like it's liquid, but it's not.
And it looks like plasma.
Now, when I've asked water
if it could see spirit,
it showed me the same kind of
designs, but of people's faces.
But in this watery,
unusual texture.
So it texturally changed.
And when it came
to the solstice,
water looked like there
were all kinds of seeds
everywhere, completely different
than the regular patterns
of rain.
I've been working alongside
a scientist that's
been able to prove even that
the surface tension of water
changes during an eclipse.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: What's that
do to the human body,
since we're made of water?
>>AUSTIN: Well, that's one
of the reasons why I do tests
both inside and outside.
I have them both going at
the same time, because I
was curious about that.
And what I see is
they both change.
>>REGINA: If the surface
tension of water changes,
what does that allow
as a possibility
at those moments in our body?
>>AUSTIN: What I think
it is an opening.
It's like an open portal.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It seems like you could
take in more information.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah, absolutely.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
So one final thing, we
were talking off camera.
I said, is there any kind of
image that keeps coming up?
And you were talking about this
image that has come up now,
how many times?
>>AUSTIN: 12?
>>REGINA: 12 times.
Let's talk about that
image, what it looks like,
and what you feel
that might mean.
>>AUSTIN: Well, I was fortunate
enough to be given melted ice
core water from Antarctica
that was 10,000 years old,
and I saw consistent imagery.
And the image is a circle
with a line underneath it,
and regularly beside it, there
will be a maple-shaped leaf
with a long leaf coming upward.
Now, that longleaf
one, I know already
is a hydroglyph, which
means to rise up.
The other two, I was
investigating further.
The circle, I already
know that itself
means complete or completion.
But hydroglyphs
are symbols which
have multiple layers
of meaning, so they
have more than one meaning.
So I was thinking, I feel
like there's probably
another meaning here.
And so I was like, I've been
looking for the hieroglyph
for two words.
One is children.
And one is father, because
I already have mother.
>>REGINA: What is mother?
>>AUSTIN: Mother is what
we call the speckle.
And it also means earth.
And so the line,
it turns out, has
been showing up consistently
when I use the word father.
And when I used the circle
for the word, children,
that also came up.
So when I separated them
as children and father,
I saw that they showed
up the same symbols.
But when I put them together
and I put father's children.
And when I also put
children of the father,
that symbol with
the circle and line
showed up, exactly as what
I'm seeing in Antarctica.
So if you put that
together, what we're
seeing in the Antarctica
water is the children
of the father are rising up.
What that means,
I'm not sure, but it
feels big because every time,
I say it, I get goosebumps.
>>REGINA: That's just beautiful.
Well, I want to say
thank you again.
Your book is
absolutely beautiful.
We want to say
right, now, people
go on Amazon looking
for your book.
And there's your book for $500.
But that's not the
book you just wrote,
and somebody's just trying
to con someone into getting.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Where do they
find your real book, which
is more in an affordable
neighborhood of, what? $60?
>>AUSTIN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Very fair for
these incredible plates
all throughout the book.
>>AUSTIN: Thank you.
>>REGINA: These
pictures, unbelievable.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah.
There's over 1,500 photos in the
book, and it's over 300 pages.
>>REGINA: It's just beautiful.
>>AUSTIN: And I've put
my heart and soul into it
and self-published.
And I didn't go through Amazon.
It's called, The Living
Language Of Water.
And they can get
it from my website,
which is vedaaustin.com.
And the one that's on Amazon.
I'm so glad you brought
up because I'm like,
I can't believe someone's
trying to extort someone.
It's my old book,
which was called,
The Secret
Intelligence of Water.
But what's in that
is in my book.
And my book has so much more.
So I really advise people,
don't take that bait.
>>REGINA: Don't go to Amazon
to look for your book.
>>AUSTIN: Don't
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Well, I want
to thank you so much.
Do you know what else I
noticed on Amazon, though,
one day, I don't know
why it popped up,
probably for this
conversation, is
it's only like, $16 to buy a
stack of these Petri dishes
that you use.
They're cheap.
>>AUSTIN: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: You can go on, and
then they can go to your site,
follow what you do and learn
how to make the crystal
images themselves.
>>AUSTIN: Absolutely.
And it's so simple.
And even if you don't
have a Petri dish,
you can use a glass
baking tray at home.
>>REGINA: But they're so cheap.
Why not.
>>AUSTIN: I do prefer them.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And they're clean.
They're sterile
when they arrive.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: I just want to
thank you so much, Veda.
I know you have just an
amazing career of discovery
that still lies ahead of you.
And thank you for
keeping us updated.
I'm sure we'll be
seeing you here again.
>>AUSTIN: Thank you so much.
>>REGINA: To follow
Veda's amazing work,
you can go to vedaaustin.com.
You can also begin
experimenting yourself.
As we just talked about,
get some Petri dishes
or well, use a
glass baking dish.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[AUDIO LOGO]